Yesterday was the
beginning of the World Cup.
So today we'll do a World Cup special.
How often is the World Cup held?
Every four years.
Every four years? Like the Olympics?
We should be more enthusiastic about this!
It's best to keep looking forward.
Many TV Asahi programs already had
the cast wearing the blue uniforms,
So we only have the
goalkeeper colors left for you.
Even if you said that,
we're not disappointed or anything.
We don't even know what you meant
by "goalkeeper colors".
Friend of yours?
Yes... Uh, I mean...
We've known each other for 7 years
and joined our group at the same time.
Kageyama's the top of mind
if you're talking about "soccer idols".
Thank you!
I see...
Do you play soccer yourself?
Yes, I've played since I was 5 years old.
Kageyama-san, what kind of relationship
do you have with Saito-san?
Our relationship...
I'm told that I'm good
at explaining things to others,
and I can also control Kyoko's mind.
That's a scary thing to say!
So you can control her mind?
In a previous "Kyoccorohee" episode,
you talked about how the [8th single] MV
shooting location had many frogs, right?
At the time, I was the one
who explained about the frog ecology.
Yes, yes!
So you explained about the frog ecology
and made her feel better?
She said because of their ecology,
frogs only gather in certain areas.
Kageyama protected me in that way.
How is that mind control?
Uh...
It was all a lie.
What's going on here?
I didn't know anything
about the frog ecology.
So you lied about that?
You're pretty slow on the taking!
It was weird that you didn't react sooner!
Hang on, hang on...
I didn't understand what she
meant by "it was all a lie"!
She said her explanation about
frog ecology was all a lie!
But the spot Kageyama pointed to
really didn't have frogs on it!
Well, that was just a coincidence.
Then I really was mind controlled by her.
That's how our relationship is like.